I greet my dear friends and immediately
I can congratulate you more precisely those
people who were waiting for us to update there
Pentland
finally a miracle happened patch under
number 15 4 was released today
September 18, I was able to update and now
I taste what 's changed by
In fact, the changes did not happen very much
a lot of things have been added to begin with
hefty dinosaur brt zaur hope
correctly said he moves very
popova us but I sometimes pass the village
through the small hills of earth that is he
very raw at the moment but his
taught the ability to stomp and throw away you
so be careful also
added the ability to kill gallimim and
stigimoloch with one arrow released from
luka really seems to me not to eat
well then how much easier now
kill and it becomes more casual
Well, a couple of little things in this patch type
small meat add less satiety
the experience we get from hunting for various
game and food depending on type
creatures will be issued defined
amount of experience the following about
experience usually accumulate in itself at
as you go through the caves hunt for so
further and this thing now
canceled in general update there are those
seems to have been revived but now i'm
I will express my opinion so
hold on we all know that neither is developed
the damn thing didn't do well or did the truth about
this we can not know anything at all
I recently read an article in which
it is said that steam removed the opportunity
Shopping stampin hood right there
developers have smelled something wrong that freebies
will not flow to the loot becomes and they
dramatically released an update that in
principle, little has changed but of course
healthy dinosaur is cool but it
most likely sbu
it was the development that they did
already quite a long time and showed in
trailer
in general, we hope and believe that our
friends who created this creature will
continue to delight us with updates
but I still will not rejoice
ahead of time
I'll wait for the next panchami everyone thanks
subscribe to subscribe to the channel and
all see you again